You're right and don't think too often that
and in eight, so now, as I was going to be
to be the very short time and the people in my party,
or you yourself, or both of those who are in secret condition.
That's right.
My eighth contestable, the undoubtedly alerted
the member of the staff to both him turn
over to Sean.
That's not particularly important, but I'm trying
to find out because I think he testified.
The best of your recollection,
you had never been threatened that you'd be taken
with trial to shine either alone or in the company
with Colonel Brandenleeve.
Mr. Adams, you're anybody else.
The best of all, they're going to talk about tomorrow
that collection, that's true.
As I said, when Mr. Jenkins first faced me
with the picture, it was possible that on occasion,
that the picture was going to be taken,
I would say, to people around thought
why, among us, can more get in the picture.
I've done that on the money, I think.
So you do it all out?
Yes, I'm sure that's right.
And I see nothing improper about it.
I'm simply trying to get the facts to be important.
Because it's the best of your recollection
then that on this occasion, that that probably
is what happens.
You arrive here, disembark from the plane,
saw Mr. Shine, Colonel Brandenlee,
saw that the target reason said it comes
under together now and it never finished.
I don't know if I said anything,
I know I've been the picture.
But whether I said anything or not, I can't be called.
In other words, it seems to the chairman,
one of two things must have happened.
Easy you might, well, they've done that.
It's not for the tribunal.
Or else, try to the shine, must have muscled his way in,
somehow to squeeze himself in between the secretary
of the army and the commanding officer, Colonel Branden,
which could seem less reasonable.
One of those two things it seems to me must have happened.
I'm trying to find out.
And the best of your recollection,
whether you think, try to the shine,
wait for himself in there, if he's on an issue,
whether he was invited by you, Jan and the one.
I don't know.
I don't have any recollection on that.
I know there was a flash of a few foes.
I think probably some of them are part of the,
within one of the pictures.
I don't know.
If he was with my colleague who was there,
I don't know whether she was in any or not.
There were several flashers.
I don't know how my picture is.
Of course, all that's going to be,
if it hasn't already been developed for you
and for the committee.
That's great.
I'm not going in now,
but I'm going to see some of the pictures.
I'm simply trying to determine for the record,
how the lineup was derived.
I just don't recall.
How many times did you have to do something to claim?
Where Mr. Shine was at the time,
I recall the sending from the plane.
And one of the first things that I recall
after getting off the plane was not
to either the photographers or Shine or anybody else.
That was that,
I recognize that it's C-45,
which is a small plane,
that there would not be room for
Santa McCarty's party and the baggage
or the baggage that they had with him
in order to go to Boston from Fort Dix.
So my fine was working more than some business of the UK.
And that was a good one to give the instruction
of the baggage.
They not removed from the C-47 by opposite from the Dix.
If we kept the boy that had turned the party
with Tate McFine,
I took the C-45 and the fourth wave almost
because I think if there is a record,
it will show that I wasn't on that map
or the more than,
well, I'll say it was out of one plane.
And then the other one,
I might have practically on the ground a little more.
I'd be very good at 10 minutes,
I think very well thought.
My time had expired, so I sent him a couple.
That's the chairman and the ambassador
to the tributeing to the expedition
of this hearing and concluding with this,
with this eye patch.
As I say, there is a return I can't see you get to light.
Oh, down here.
Turn the jacket and take over.
Turn the jacket and the other questions.
Just two questions.
On page 647 of the hearings to be
yesterday, Senator DuVorjac asked Mr. Call,
on a question, I quote, Senator DuVorjac,
Mr. Call, who arranged the plane trip,
Mr. Call, who arranged the plane trip
on November 7 to 4th, Mr. Call.
It was arranged on the assistance of the Secretary Stephen.
He wanted to go down to 4th,
Dick's and sail over to Dave Shine with us.
Is that statement true or false?
That statement certainly conveys a very, very
false question.
I was true, but when I got there,
I spoke to Dave Shine, but I had no more idea
of going to 4th, Dick's this morning
and seeing Dave Shine or anybody else
than the man in the moon.
The trip was arranged because Mr. Call
was going to go there anyhow and send him a car.
He wanted to go, and I tried to.
After their convenience in getting there.
But would you stop that 4th, Dick, if Mr. Call
had not wanted to stop there, or would you have gone straight
to Washington DC straight to Washington DC?
There.
The chairman of the thought of questions
except this, that I do reserve the right to cross
examine Secretary Stephen after the testimony is in
and connection with the pictures
and if the transcripts are committed for the record.
Anything that is offered?
Anything that is offered or everything.
Any member of the committee desires to have me call
that any time Mr. Counsel, you can call.
I have no further doubt.
I'm going to turn the party.
I'm going to turn the party to the next one.
This morning, I had a chair.
I think he got the two gentlemen following that.
So, let me go.
Just curious about the daily hearing for a start.
That we submit to the chair the first hearing.
It's not an executive session.
I don't think the chair will want to make the hearing
part of the record.
But the chair, Counsel, may want to go
and through these hearings and determine the date
that the hearing is on the infiltration of communism
and the military from the Army.
Senator McPullin, the Vice Chair is
morning to heat up the initiation of the date.
We partner that, correct?
Let's jam on the date that can be substantiated
by any record in a date that's involved in this controversy.
I think reference to the document if it's official
that establishes a date as a proper.
And if this is official transcript of the meeting,
by reference to that date, it can be stipulated
in the record that the date the hearings forget.
Well, the senator, the gentleman that comes on me
wasn't in the event that he can't get to the hearing.
I'll make you take the question.
That may have felt comfortable pointing them,
externally, and the gnomists understanding point out
that the first witness was a witness from the signal corps
and he read our information on our part of the signal corps.
I'm at the chair, but who we introduce this record
or any part of it, I should like to have an offer
given to examine it.
I'm not prepared to class in a record and say I'm ready to admit it.
I'm at the meeting, so they clearly,
and the ranking Democrat member,
the record of August 31st, number one,
number two, the record of September 1st,
number three, the record of September,
or, I think, a number four, the record of September 3rd.
And I hope this material will not be made publicly
because it's exactly the best one.
Mr. Chairman.
Chair and the chairman, if they're materially not to be introduced
into the record, is the ranking Democrat member?
Well, they found this to be in the course of the evening
and advised this tomorrow whether they are.
In fact, the transcript of the hearing is in the case of the dates
of the insurance.
Right?
Very good.
I think of my only company, Mr. Chairman.
I like to mention Mr. Chair, but may I make an inquiry, sir?
You may.
I'm a little impressed always with records of executive sessions.
I look on them as pretty important.
Secret documents will as follows from what the senator has just done,
the council sitting at this table may examine this record.
Perfect.
Sir, the other part of the date is your contract.
I am informed that it is not a record of the fort mom material.
I don't understand its percentage.
It doesn't correct.
It is a record of the investigation of coming to student filtration
of the signal core.
And that all has to do with fort mom, that's the seat of the signal core operations
as far as I know it.
What a board of you may.
You may examine the hearing of Mr. Wells
to the extent of the champion to date in their authenticity.
Only that, they are expected in hearings.
And I don't know who you may call the contents available.
These are not going to be any part of the discussion.
Well, let's examine them.
Next, right there.
There's any one object that's proceeding to any part of this record,
either by reference the date or otherwise be stipulated as a part of the testimony.
Then it is proper and right in the only way they can be presented
by someone that they can open and testify to the record.
Then it does show that they can only be found.
And Mr. Chairman, all right are these sentences and in mid three or four volumes of testimony
without the slightest chance to examine it or know what's in it.
I'm therefore forced at this point to object to Mr. Chairman.
I do not believe the confessionalist introduced the volumes of testimony.
Mr. Chairman, the sentence is simply a question of making, introducing the date
at which the hearings of the investigation is put not together.
No, I can not understand that the hearings of the fourth moment began prior to on top of age.
That is why I remain so puzzled that what is not the offer.
Mr. Chairman.
And in the question of Mr. Chairman, I suggest that you, the fact that we have made available
to the Army all executive sessions, I would suggest that Mr. Wells has been selected
as the attorney for Mr. Steven.
Meanwhile, as an example of the records, I'm sure they will already be in them.
I think he should be able to look up.
Very well.
The defendant, Mr. Wells, he may have a full of evidence to examine it here.
But may I suggest if you please, sir, that they need not receive the evidence
until someone on my spasms.
And as I've seen this time, there being received down the ice.
To the extent that I'm born of order, Mr. Chairman.
And in the bottom.
It is quite proper that after Mr. Wells examined them, if he desires to do so, he may object
to their introduction upon any valid ground.
Thank you, Senator.
Now, let me see.
Who is the...
Is it available with the members of the Subcommittee of the Chair and Outlaws on Senator
Adderston out of order?
Excuse me, would you please, say not to me.
The number of jurisdictions and address in the next.
Mr. Chairman, the arsenae for the benefit of the committee that there's likely to be a record
of on the international sugar 3.8 AM on a reservation that I offer.
And that is suggested only for the attention the committee should come along about 4.30.
Now, as we have in the...
I think from time to time, members have to reexamine their own concept of black function here.
Here's a controversy.
And I shall not trouble about terminology here as to who's involved.
But I do esteem my own responsibility to be that of one on a kind of board or committee of inquiry.
He listens and evaluates all of the facts that are involved so that ultimately the questions that are before the committee can be resolved.
I have observed both in the mail and in the prayers that there is a tenancy to believe that perhaps one ought to adopt,
but I have been literature that too, and I thought I was cloned here with some quasi-judicial responsibility.
And I intend to pursue it just as impartially, just as fair as I know how.
And with that in mind, Mr. Secretary, I want to recur to one basic question.
And in fortification, that last four or five other questions.
The first date in your specification with respect to the allegation as to whether or not an improper influence was exerted in the half of private show.
Or goes back to the eight day in July.
And I think concerns itself with general revert is that correct?
Yes sir.
Has been the last specification or the last date of any specification that runs down to February 16th.
That for magical purposes there is a period of about seven months from the time it was first alleged that improper influence was being exercised
a down to February 16th.
Now seven months it seems to me it's a rather long period.
However, it didn't come into this picture until the second of October, because I think you're first beside it in the specification number four.
That would be a period of about five months from October to February 16th.
Now, the question that refers to me is this. Why did this run so long before some protest was made that undue influence was being exercised?
And if so, to whom was the protest being made?
Now it would have occurred to me that if I were in a creepy car hey, in a controversy, I say it in no sphere to reflection at all, but it seems to me it wouldn't require me to take seven months or five months to determine my course of action and to protest.
If I felt that undue influence was exercised, here's all every in a calculation that starts on the 8th of July 1953 and goes down to the 16th of February 1954.
Was there some reason for it that no protest was made into some sort of lead, either to use the barriers or to other members of the committee or to somebody else in authority?
Well, I would say, and it is that there was almost daily contact on the part of my office with many after John Adams had to go to the Aeson of the thing and that there were things occurring which have been outlined in the ceremony starting back about the time you indicate one thing would happen and then another thing would happen.
And now, when one looks back on it, the pattern in the life of time size is a great deal of more clear than it was at the time we were going through it.
Because one of the basic things involved here is of course is theodore did not drive a child, receive special or preferential treatment while he was at Fort Dix.
He didn't get to Fort Dix until his 10th day of November and the information was respected what transpired there during his stay at Fort Dix of course didn't become available until it's the later day.
I think your question is in Excellent One, I personally have always operated in business and in this job on the basis of trying to cooperate and work things out.
This happened to be one of those things but in the life of time size might have been handled some other way but the way of development is headed up at the time of Senator Potter's letter.
This is actually starting with a very first allegation or first specification of the allegation that are before us, so that we're filed with the committee on the 13th of April.
It says honor about July 8th or certain action was taken. Then when you get to number 2 it says throughout the period to live 15 to slide 30 various members of the staff of the subcommittee are dealt with this question of its recognition.
And then number three honor about August 1 1953 in specification for honor about October 2 and so we go on down now as a reasonable and improved person and I hope that I may qualify under that operation.
It would occur to me that if this had happened to me for a period of 60 days.
I think I would register to protest somewhere either formally or even formally to other members of the committee to the folk committee to your chief who would have been the chief of the defense establishment.
But this accumulation goes on for seven months from the time General Reed was named as first mentioned and it runs on for nearly five months from the time you were first mentioned in specification number 4.
That seems like an undo time like if undoing force was really exercised and certainly there should have been a remonstration long before the 16th of February or their last.
Now the other question is this before my time. You see the last date the date of the last allegation here is February 16th.
On the 18th of February I recall of course I have to replace myself by whatever date I have here.
It had the hearing in the argument I recall on the first occasion.
I applied on a second date on this week's case that's correct and I was not present to a second occasion.
But you see your last allegation is dated here February 16th. This week's case was heard on February 18th.
So we went in until there was some kind of a spark before finally a protest was made in the form of the allegations that were sent to response to the letter from Senator Carter.
It does seem to me not undo long time to let a condition like that run without at least making your feelings manifest to some source of authority at least.
I don't argue for a moment who would should be. But I speaking only for myself and committing no matter what I think of it would happen to me.
Under similar circumstances I would have registered some kind of a remunsched for somewhere long before the events of their weather link.
Well Senator Dixon I was trying to work this thing out as we went along with Senator McCarthy and the staff.
That was my desire. I didn't want to have a prayer for anything else. I believe that I know how to get along with people.
I like people. I wanted to do this job. I wasn't carrying around on my shoulder. Let's say in December something that might have happened in October.
This thing became accumulating and it finally became a pattern. And the reason now that we consider and look back over a period of five, seven months whatever it is is because we had to get together.
All of the information and facts going on this case in order to submit it to you gentlemen. And that in a lot of hindsight makes it a very different looking thing than what it was when you were going to show it on a day-to-day and week-to-week basis.
I have far been for me to suggest that as somebody else couldn't have handed handle it by her. I have no illusions about my ability to do something better than the next one.
I think some of the probably could have. This happened to be the way I happened to be the way I handled it. I assure you that what I have done all the way along has been what I believe to be right and in the interest of the American people.
All Mr. Secretary, I don't think there's this lightest doubt about the honorable attributes of your actions. But when you speak for instance about humbillion trillions in the law is within regard as I suppose as a species of duress.
Now, I can imagine Jesus where duress continues for a long period of time or a short period but actually all of a period gives her a period of several months.
Why would this man continue first from one side and then another?
And here are the good things to me that give the developers a real wing this year. That's the number of months worse than me before the end of that last period.
At this time I have expired my empire of time in signing in whether he would object if the chair would let's call on Senator Potter so we get back in the regular swing of things.
Thank you. Mr. Trevon, Mr. Secretary, I think well at this time we get the so-called now famous letter.
Yes, back in perfection. The city is the other day. There were many requests made for me and Potter the other members just to admit.
That to allow information to keep working. Some of them are from the former newspaper archives. Others from the former medicals are here getting certain publications and magazines to talk.
That a report didn't exist in the army and that the report had been promised to certain members of the Congress.
Now I'll be very frank, Mr. Secretary, that the charges, the mass charges were serious.
The two Zionists understand the charges. The charges to be that the charge of war. That this committee had used the investigating arm with the Congress and an effort to secure our special treatment for a former employee of the state.
I felt it would be a great injustice for this report that was the last to already have been prepared. To get my hands on those persons who were not friendly to the commission, I don't say that in a partisan manner.
I say that from a philosophy of government. Before the members of the committee had a chance to see the report.
Therefore, I wrote this letter on RCA to the Secretary of Defense and to Wilson.
I think probably well at this time I read the letter again.
I have received many inquiries concerning an external pressure for prefectural treatment. In behalf of private G David Shaw, a former member of the staff of the Senate from the subcommittee on investigation.
I request the following information as the member of the chief of the subcommittee.
First, has private Gain received any preferential treatment whatsoever since becoming a member of the armed force. Second, has any effort whatsoever been made by any source of civil need with a funding subcommittee to accept private report the purpose of gaining preferential treatment for private Gain.
First, I think the session has been made, which is advised me for the source, type, and indicators that have been made.
If there is no information, then there is no foundation for the information coming to my attention.
There is no more than proper and planned. The private Gain as well as the subcommittee is so involved.
In the event, there is substance to the charges. However, the committee should have in its possession all the facts on which it may be immediate action.
Now, that was a letter that I sent to the Secretary of Defense. And in return, I have received the charges of the allegations which now they made this for the Opposition in this press conference.
I do not bring this up for four, four, one, six, or three.
I will vote in as the charges information. And therefore, to avoid the very things that happened now, I hope that we could resolve any differences that might exist without the commission a public respect.
Unfortunately, I just happened with my Republican colleagues in the committee. Unfortunately, and unfortunately, we were unable to resolve any differences that might have existed.
And the report, not my report, became public. But another report became public, which was done in the many, the build-up, which we have there, which has taken time of the military to take time and to resolve something that once and
once and for all, the benefits of the day are here.
I have to say, Henry Jackson, I'm sorry, Henry. Here I am.
Mr. Gill, I have an interest in expediting this hearing, but one of the questions, one of my distinguished colleagues, is, intrigued me a bit, and I would like to pursue it if I may with a witness for a minute.
Miss Secretary, who is your superior? Mr. Wilson?
You run a military department in the chain of command, as a civilian chief, isn't that correct? That's correct, sir.
And you're part of the executive department of the Department of Defense.
I am, yes. As I understand your testimony, you were worried about this matter and you were trying to work it out.
That's right. Probably when did you speak to your superior about it?
Well, I think right at the start, I spoke to Mr. Wilson and told him that we had, uh, the Senator McCarthy's committee had this problem in the first Army area, and that I was trying to work along with him and try to handle the situation.
What was his advice to you? His advice was, go ahead and handle it. The best way you could, the way you'd drive that, that's right.
Good, Mr. Wilson, report to you. The president.
Mr. Wilson, advise to you with to go ahead and handle it the way you'd go at that. That's right. And that's what you've done. That's what I've done, sir.
I have no further questions, Mr. Chairman. And the question.
Secretary, you would call for any time since life July and the member of this company, the president of the Chairman of the Federal, you would confer with you many way or remember the first slide.
You would be, Dr. Schler, here, Mr. Schler's question. Special qualifications which might be enabled him to procure a commission, no matter.
Did you at any time ever convert with any member of this company, other than the Chairman, to discuss many of the issues relating to the Special qualifications which allegedly, David Schler's concept is no service in the Army, no senator to our check.
Come up, nothing from me. Send him a card.
Good to see you, Mr. Smourning. I asked you to have your council prepare a list of the military men for here in the room.
Who's ordered here? Have that been prepared? Yes, sir.
Man, man, make it very clear that this is no reflection at all upon the military men who are here. Some of them I don't know. Some of them I do know I know they have us standing, come my records, and I think outstanding individuals.
The reason I ask you for this list is because I'm curious no why we have so many compliment generals sitting here warming their heels.